👩‍⚖️      
Kutumb’s Terms of use
1. General
These Terms of Use govern the downloading and use of Kutumb on any of its users' devices (computer, laptop, tablet, and other similar devices) These Terms of Use will also apply to every software update and may be amended in the future.
If users do not agree with any of the terms laid down below, they will not be able to avail of any of the services offered by Kutumb.
2. Our Service
Kutumb offers you a platform where you can share your content with other members of the platform. You can join and discover several communities and make friends in a friendly and safe environment.
Our services are offered to all users equally, as the platform is built to be secure by design. We strongly believe in embracing diversity and polite and respectful behaviour. Therefore, our community-crafted guidelines will set the right foundation to foster an ethical, social network.
3. Using Kutumb
Kutumb requires users to be Thirteen (13) years of age or over in order to use our services. When making an account, prospective users are obliged to be truthful and disclose accurate information.
After making an Kutumb account, users are granted a license to download and use the software.
4. Your content
We don't claim ownership over any Content that you post on Kutumb. "Content" means any content that you're able to upload or post on Kutumb, including text, images, files, animations, logos, or comments. However, when you post or transfer Content to Kutumb, you give us a non-exclusive, royalty-free, world-wide, perpetual, transferable license to use, store, reproduce, adapt (so we can properly post your Content), distribute and publicly display your Content in order to make it accessible through Kutumb.
We reserve the right to remove any User Content that we believe violates any copyrights, and any of our Terms and Conditions including our Licence Agreement and the Community Guidelines.
5. Copyright policy
Kutumb complies with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"). We will terminate copyright infringers when legally required or appropriate.
If you see your Content on Kutumb being used without your permission, you can contact Kutumb Designated Agent for receipt of infringement notices here:
Kutumb, Atish complex, Sinhgad road, Pune 51 or by emailing kootumb.com@gmail.com
6. Security
At Kutumb, we do our best to make our platform as secure as possible, however, given our background in information-security, we recognize that there is no such thing as a fully secure platform given the ever growing list of digital and physical attack vectors, we cannot guarantee that our services will not be interrupted. Kutumb users are solely responsible for their account information and this is why we ask users to keep their passwords secure and limit the amount of personal information disclosed in Kutumb.
Users are also obliged to notify us of any compromises to security or any unauthorized use of Kutumb accounts. Any incidents or suspicions of unauthorized use of Kutumb accounts and security breaches are to be reported to kootumb.com@gmail.com.
7. Third-party links
Kutumb threads may contain links to websites that are not owned by Kutumb. These include links posted by our affiliates, partners and other users. These links are not owned or controlled by Kutumb.
Kutumb assumes no responsibility for any of the damages that arise out of or in connection to users entering these websites. It is at the user's discretion to enter these websites and they should be aware of any risks and take the necessary precautions while doing so. Any complaints regarding these third-party links should be directed to the third-party.
8. Termination
Kutumb may terminate or suspend your license at any time with or without cause and notification. Terminations of license are especially carried out in the following cases:
    • Violations of the Kutumb Community Guidelines
    • If users are found to use Kutumb (accounts) to facilitate illegal activities
    • If users are found to violate any laws
    • Violations of copyrights and other relevant intellectual property rights
It is important to note that some of the terms in this Terms of Use may still be valid even after termination has been carried out by any party. This includes, but is not limited to the copyright policy, the Limitation of Liability clause (Term 10), and the arbitration clause (Term 11). It is, therefore, the user's responsibility to be informed of which terms will still be valid.
9. Disclaimers
Kutumb takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any user content and any incidents that arise out of such content, especially if the content is defamatory, offensive, libelous, abusive, obscene or otherwise unlawful or harmful in nature.
10. Limitation of liability
Kutumb shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, or any loss of profits/revenues whether incurred directly or indirectly, loss of data, or any similar damages.
11. Arbitration clause
In cases of any disputes that arise in relation to the use of Kutumb, users shall agree to immediately inform Kutumb of these issues by contacting our legal representative at kootumb.com@gmail.com. These disputes will first be resolved informally through arbitration. This arbitration procedure will be carried out by appropriate Government procedure.
Arbitration is an alternative to Court proceedings and awards decided during an arbitration proceeding will be legally binding and enforceable in Court.
This arbitration provision shall survive terminations of license, Kutumb accounts, and any other User Agreements.
12. Governing law and jurisdiction
These Terms of Use shall be governed by the laws of the Government of India.
13. Changes, amendments, or replacement of any terms
Users will be notified when there is a change, amendment, or replacement of these Terms of Use. Continued use of Kutumb after these changes have been made constitute acceptance of the changes made. If users do not agree with any of the Terms of Use above, they are no longer able to access Kutumb or make avail of any of our services.
14. No waiver
Kutumbs failure to assert any right or provision under the abovementioned Terms shall not constitute a waiver.
Nor shall the failure of a license holder or any other relevant Party to enforce any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement constitute a waiver of any such terms or conditions, or of any other terms or conditions.














